Image preview component added (#6028)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.3/ui_comp_guide/components/ui-image-preview.md

---
group: ui-components-guide
title: ImagePreview Component
contributor_name: Shankar Konar
contributor_link: https://github.com/konarshankar07
---

> The ImagePreview component implements a detailed view image column. User can preview next or previous image by clicking next or previous arrow

Reviewer: Thanks for the contribution. Can you please clarify this sentence? I don't have a good idea of what this component actually does.

Reviewer 2: Can you include a screen capture of this component?

Reviewer 3: Perhaps we could expand this introductory sentence a bit more. Here's my stab at it:

```suggestion
The ImagePreview component implements an inline detailed preview of an image, which is typically used in conjunction with a grid of image search results. Users can expand a more detailed preview of an image in-line with other image search results and also have the ability to click on "next" or "previous" arrows to navigate to the next or previous image's detailed preview.
```

## Dependencies

The ImagePreview component has dependencies on the following components:

*  Column: `app/code/Magento/Ui/view/base/web/js/grid/columns/column.js`

## Configuration options

> 

Reviewer 2: Global in this table: Add backticks to all Option names and Default Values, except null

| visibleRecord            | Currently visible image.                                                                                                                                                                                           |  Int           | null                                   |
| height                   | Height of Image Preview.                                                                                                                                                                                           |  Int           | 0                                      |
| displayedRecord          | Currently previewed image.                                                                                                                                                                                         |  Object        | {}                                     |
| lastOpenedImage          | Previously opened image.                                                                                                                                                                                           |  Int           | null                                   |

> | statefull                | Defines a list of component properties whose values are automatically saved in the configured storage if they change. <code>key</code> is the property's name and the <code>value</code> defines whether its saved.|  Object        | {sorting: true, lastOpenedImage: true} |

Reviewer 2: Don't add HTML code to a table unless you have no other choice, such as using `</br>` elements to force a new line.

---
group: ui-components-guide
title: ImagePreview Component
contributor_name: Shankar Konar
contributor_link: https://github.com/konarshankar07
---

The ImagePreview component implements a detailed view image column. User can preview next or previous image by clicking next or previous arrow

## Dependencies

The ImagePreview component has dependencies on the following components:

> *  Column: `app/code/Magento/Ui/view/base/web/js/grid/columns/column.js`

Reviewer 3: Is there a relevant separate section of documentation we can link to here?
